Adjust agent log level documentation (#6398)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/troubleshooting/debug_mode.md

| Option     | Critical logs | Error logs | Warn logs | Info logs | Debug logs | Trace logs |
|------------|---------------|------------|-----------|-----------|------------|------------|
| `'OFF'`      |               |            |           |           |            |            |
| `'CRITICAL'` | {{< X >}}     |            |           |           |            |            |
| `'ERROR'`    | {{< X >}}     | {{< X >}}  |           |           |            |            |
| `'WARN'`     | {{< X >}}     | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} |           |            |            |
| `'INFO'`     | {{< X >}}     | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |            |            |
| `'DEBUG'`    | {{< X >}}     | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  |            |
| `'TRACE'`    | {{< X >}}     | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  |

> **Note**: When setting the log level to `'OFF'` in the configuration file quotes are mandatory to prevent the value for being improperly parsed. Quotes are optional for other log levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When setting the log level to `'OFF'` in the Agent main configuration file, quotes are mandatory to prevent the value for being improperly parsed.
```
